Sometimes i feel very depress because sometimes i remember the thing whick were not in my hand but still at that time i tried my best , the case were created which were very disrespectfull.in the past some days i was very 
happy for something and the caller give me the permission to do and when i went there then suddenly they step back away from me and this situation really hurt me alot . on that time i tried my best but the opponent not see
at me but i tried to my best to attract towards me but he were not do any thing which had promissed me . althrough i requested to the person to do that but he was not intrested in me i dont know why and after a day we 
leave that place on next day. whereas i tried  my best on morning but he was not intrested in me. and now we leave that place and when we come home then i feel very disspointment and somedays was not good for me. moreever
that person not ask us that r u safely reach their home or not. now, at that day evening i ask that person on whatsapp that why u dosuch thing with me , then he tell that i not feel good to do this thing also he said to me
that i am not intrested in u so dont call to me and u can block me and i said to this guy that u have problem with me not i with u and if  u really want to block me then u can. and that time he delete my contact from her 
phone. after some day he messager me on insta for her promossion he send me video and say to me that follow,comment,like and share. but i did not do that thing because at the i feel very disspointment because he not ask me 
about myself. on that day i only hope for my birthday i suppose he will wish me for my birthday but he dont do that and heknows that today my birthday .. and that day and now i not talk to her anymore and i will not talk 
to this guy in future.this is not my ego this is for my selfrespect..  but one day i feel that we spend beautiful memories with that person so i deside to talk to her on mobile phone on the next day i call her she suddenly 
pick my phone and we both talk to each other in very normal way and he forgive me and all is not my mistake but for humbleness reason i say to her that sorry and on that day he save my number and i consider that something
happen good and it becomes normal but the final conclusion comes on next day when i message her on whatsapp and he not reply eventhough he seen my message and at the evening he message me that talk what u what to say on 
morning i said not something special i just message for how are you and normal talk and suddenly he said to me that please don't message meagain and i said why then she said my mind not said to me that i talk to u and please 
never again message me and call me , i said to her that in this time my mistake and i not talk tou ever again if u feel very bad about me !!this is very painfull for me now , but in future it will give me strength , today i 
promise from me never ever see that person and talkto her. now afte many days there is good point about her comes in my mind i follow her using my second insta account and i watch all the activities of her and in from my 
personal account i not follow her , but she see all the stories and picture of my personal insta account , one day i message her using my mom phone that when u are coming to her home then she just not answer my message and
everthough she seen it. i not follow her in my insta account one day i post a pic on instagram and she likes my photo and i see that she like my photo and i think just forget all the previous thing which happen in past and 
now start the new journey so i follow her and watch all the stories and pictures from my person account , now i say that she is pregnant at that point and one day she post the Story in insta account and in the Story 
something baby comes is present and i just forget all the past thing and i comment on her Story that when baby is comes and she seen my message within one second and she block me and i just surprise that this is what happen 
to me that she block me , around one hour i think why she block me , and i remember that day when she start the cooking channel on youtube and i helped her using my frind , relatives and calling my frind , using status and 
personal message on particular people whose are closest to me and i incresed herfollowers. and time to time using message i ask about her and now i realise that she forget all the things which i did for her. before pregnancy 
she talk to me about her husband that many many years goes and not having a baby . and also she said to me that your bhaiya is not capable to doing that thing .. now she is pregnant and within few days she has a baby and she 
focused on own baby. i just learn from this that never trust to the girl because they do in last what's she like and they have not fellings about other and they have always selfies in nature. these types of things comes in 
mind when  you are free and you don't have any work to do things and from all these things i learn one thing which is people always spend their time where they have intrested and i think that never force somebody that fall 
in for somebody because people do always from their priorities. Now let's start forward this story after many days i add something here which is related to that incident, in 19/12/23 she give birth the baby boy and she make 
insta id of her baby boy and she request to follow me but i give nothing answer and i not accept her request and next day she again send me request but i not accept. now see what happen in 2024 i tell that from my side i 
will not message her and not follow her also her baby boy. as i think she want to talk me because she feel her mistake but after many disrespectfull and shamefull i make a desecion that i ignore her totally and see what happen

